# MyAutoCare
My project idea is to build a program that uses SQL Lite to create a small database that’ll help users track and manipulate data. This program will focus on car maintenance. I’m into all types of cars and I know firsthand that checking up on your car’s health is very important. I personally cannot remember when I need to check up on my maintenance, so I believe that a program like this can help any car owner. The process would be this:

First, the program would ask if you wanted to view, update, delete, or insert a maintenance service. For example, if you want to view all the services done, update, delete, or insert a new service. The user will input data such as the car, the specific type of service done, and the date of the service. This information would then be stored in the database for the user to view. Next, I would code an option to receive a recommendation based on the service done. If the user would like a recommendation, they would have to choose a service. Then they would have to input the current miles and the date. Then the program would calculate the number of miles and the date at which the service is recommended to be done again. This is very helpful because some people may not know how often they should be checking up on their cars. 

I could use the DB Python teaching code from class because it uses a database from SQL Lite. It gives me an idea of how to go about this project. https://github.com/dominict/pythonteachingcode/tree/master/4%20DB%20in%20Python
I could also use sqlite_demo.py from CoreyMSchafer. I watched his video on YouTube walking through the basics of how to create tables using SQLite with python. I would use this to create a table that can be manipulated by the user. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pd-0G0MigUA https://github.com/CoreyMSchafer/code_snippets/blob/master/Python-SQLite/sqlite_demo.py

I believe that this type of program can benefit many people. People are driving all the time, and if the car is not maintained well, it could not only result in loss of time and money, but it could potentially lead to danger. No matter the reason, cars are very important, and keeping your car maintenance up to date is even more important.
